Update In-tree storage driver status (#42302)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes.md

An administrator can manually reclaim the volume with the following steps.

1. Delete the PersistentVolume. The associated storage asset in external infrastructure

>    (such as an AWS EBS or GCE PD volume) still exists after the PV is deleted.

Reviewer: AWS EBS and GCE PD in-tree drivers are already removed.

Author: "AWS EBS"  in this line should be removed. I missed it.
GCE PD in-tree drivers are removed is k8s v1.28,  the main branch currently points to v1.27. It should be removed at the dev-1.28 branch, right?

For volume plugins that support the `Delete` reclaim policy, deletion removes
both the PersistentVolume object from Kubernetes, as well as the associated

> storage asset in the external infrastructure, such as an AWS EBS or GCE PD volume. Volumes that were dynamically provisioned

Reviewer: Remove "such as an AWS EBS or GCE PD volume" as those in-tree drivers are removed.

Reviewer 2: According to https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/42302#discussion_r1282723644, GCE PD is still in Kubernetes 1.27

Support for expanding PersistentVolumeClaims (PVCs) is enabled by default. You can expand

> the following types of volumes:

Reviewer: I think that we should just remove all these examples "You can expand
the following types of volumes:" as all these are either already removed or deprecated.

Reviewer 2: We usually provide documentation for deprecated features, right up to the point that they are actually removed.

* azureFile (deprecated)
* {{< glossary_tooltip text="csi" term_id="csi" >}}
* flexVolume (deprecated)

> * gcePersistentDisk (deprecated)

Reviewer: This is already removed.

Reviewer 2: According to https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/42302#discussion_r1282723644, GCE PD is still in Kubernetes 1.27

> * rbd

Reviewer: rbd is deprecated

Author: rbd is deprecated in v1.28 https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/118552

> * portworxVolume (deprecated)

Reviewer 3: Please remove `(deprecated)` to avoid confusion. Portworx in-tree driver is not deprecated as our CSI Migration is not enabled by default.

Reviewer: Hi @ggriffiths, the in-tree driver is marked deprecated as soon as CSI migration moves to Beta off-by-default.  "deprecated" means it is still supported but we want users to move to CSI driver ASAP.  So this should be marked as "deprecated".  We usually have a message about "deprecation" in the release note as well when CSI migration moves to beta.

To differentiate this from a deprecated driver that does not go through CSI migration, may be we can add note here to indicate that.

Reviewer 2: AIUI we can deprecate an in-tree driver so long as there is an alternative we document (even if that is “use a different kind of storage”). We don't need to wait for the automated migration.

If Kubernetes has deprecated `portworxVolume` in-tree, that's what we should document.

The following types of PersistentVolume are deprecated.
This means that support is still available but will be removed in a future Kubernetes release.

* [`azureFile`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#azurefile) - Azure File
  (**deprecated** in v1.21)
* [`flexVolume`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#flexvolume) - FlexVolume
  (**deprecated** in v1.23)

> * [`gcePersistentDisk`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#gcepersistentdisk) - GCE Persistent Disk

Reviewer: GCE PD is already removed.

Reviewer 2: According to https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/42302#discussion_r1282723644, GCE PD is still in Kubernetes 1.27

| Volume Plugin        | ReadWriteOnce          | ReadOnlyMany          | ReadWriteMany | ReadWriteOncePod       |
| :---                 | :---:                  | :---:                 | :---:         | -                      |
| AzureFile            | &#x2713;               | &#x2713;              | &#x2713;      | -                      |
| CephFS               | &#x2713;               | &#x2713;              | &#x2713;      | -                      |
| CSI                  | depends on the driver  | depends on the driver | depends on the driver | depends on the driver |
| FC                   | &#x2713;               | &#x2713;              | -             | -                      |

> | FlexVolume           | &#x2713;               | &#x2713;              | depends on the driver | -              |

Reviewer: GCEPD and Glusterfs are also removed.

Author: `Glusterfs` has been removed. I will remove the line.

Reviewer 2: I've approved this PR; follow-ups are welcome.

* Retain -- manual reclamation
* Recycle -- basic scrub (`rm -rf /thevolume/*`)

> * Delete -- associated storage asset such as AWS EBS or GCE PD volume is deleted

Reviewer: Remove "such as AWS EBS or GCE PD volume".

> Currently, only NFS and HostPath support recycling. AWS EBS and GCE PD volumes support deletion.

Reviewer: Remove "AWS EBS and GCE PD volumes support deletion".

Reviewer 2: According to https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/42302#discussion_r1282723644, GCE PD is still in Kubernetes 1.27

Rewording here would be good.
```suggestion
For Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}}, only `nfs` and hostPath` volume types support recycling.
The GCE PD volume type supports deletion only.
```
(and then amend further for _dev-1.28_ once this change merges into that branch)

The following volume types support mount options:

* `azureFile`
* `cephfs`

> * `gcePersistentDisk`

Reviewer: gcepd is removed.

Reviewer 2: According to https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/42302#discussion_r1282723644, GCE PD is still in Kubernetes 1.27

{{< note >}}
For most volume types, you do not need to set this field. It is automatically

> populated for [GCE PD](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#gcepersistentdisk) volume block types.

Reviewer: Remove "GCE PD"

Reviewer 2: According to https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/42302#discussion_r1282723644, GCE PD is still in Kubernetes 1.27

The following volume plugins support raw block volumes, including dynamic provisioning where
applicable:

* CSI
* FC (Fibre Channel)

> * GCEPersistentDisk

Reviewer: Remove

Reviewer 2: According to https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/42302#discussion_r1282723644, GCE PD is still in Kubernetes 1.27
